Update CONTRIBUTING.md and Remove Duplicate Docs (#10715)
microsoft/microsoft-ui-xaml: CONTRIBUTING.md

WinUI will be taking a phased approach to opening up the repo:
**Phase 1: Increased Mirror Frequency**
After the WASDK 1.8 release (end of August), we'll begin more frequent mirroring of internal commits to GitHub to increase transparency and show progress.
**Phase 2: 3rd Party Devs Build Locally**
External developers will be able to clone and build the repo locally, with documentation to guide setup and dependencies.
**Phase 3: 3rd Party Devs Contribute & Run Tests**
Contributors will be able to submit PRs and run tests locally. We're working to untangle private dependencies and make test infrastructure publicly accessible.
**Phase 4: GitHub as Center of Gravity**
GitHub becomes the primary place for development, issue tracking, and community engagement. Internal mirrors will be phased out.

### [WIP] New Contributors
Contributions from the community are greatly appreciated. We mark the most straightforward issues with labels. These issues are the best place to start if you are interested in contributing but are new to the codebase.

> - [good first issues](https://github.com/Microsoft/microsoft-ui-xaml/labels/good first issue)

Reviewer: For "good first issues", GitHub diff isn't correctly showing it as a link, perhaps due to spaces in the label name in the link itself. Perhaps those spaces need to be changed to "%20"s. Same for "feature request" link below.

Reviewer: Same for the "auto merge" link at the bottom.

### Copying files from other projects
The following rules must be followed for PRs that include files from another project:
- The license of the file is [permissive](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Permissive_free_software_licence).
- The license of the file is left intact.
- The contribution is correctly attributed in the [3rd party notices](https://github.com/dotnet/coreclr/blob/master/THIRD-PARTY-NOTICES.TXT) file in the repository, as needed.

## Commit Messages
Please format commit messages as follows (based on [A Note About Git Commit Messages](http://tbaggery.com/2008/04/19/a-note-about-git-commit-messages.html)):

```
Summarize change in 50 characters or less

Provide more detail after the first line. Leave one blank line below the 
summary and wrap all lines at 72 characters or less.

If the change fixes an issue, leave another blank line after the final 
paragraph and indicate which issue is fixed in the specific format below.

Fix #42
```

## Checks

> Each pull request to main must pass checks within Azure DevOps. This pipelines build your change and run automated tests. These tests should match what you're able to run with local automated testing using Test Explorer. They also create a NuGet package to match your change.

Reviewer: > This pipelines build

"These" instead of "This"?

> Each pull request to main must pass checks within Azure DevOps. This pipelines build your change and run automated tests. These tests should match what you're able to run with local automated testing using Test Explorer. They also create a NuGet package to match your change.

Reviewer: > local automated testing using Test Explorer

Recommend removing "using Test Explorer", since most tests are unlikely to be run via Test Explorer at least initially.

> Each pull request to main must pass checks within Azure DevOps. This pipelines build your change and run automated tests. These tests should match what you're able to run with local automated testing using Test Explorer. They also create a NuGet package to match your change.

Reviewer: > They also create a NuGet package to match your change.

Recommend removing this sentence for now, since it is unclear if any built package would be made accessible other than being used by the pipeline tests.

External developers will be able to clone and build the repo locally, with documentation to guide setup and dependencies.
**Phase 3: 3rd Party Devs Contribute & Run Tests**
Contributors will be able to submit PRs and run tests locally. We’re working to untangle private dependencies and make test infrastructure publicly accessible.
**Phase 4: GitHub as Center of Gravity**
GitHub becomes the primary place for development, issue tracking, and community engagement. Internal mirrors will be phased out.

### [WIP] New Contributors
Contributions from the community are greatly appreciated. We mark the most straightforward issues with labels. These issues are the best place to start if you are interested in contributing but are new to the codebase.

- [good first issues](https://github.com/Microsoft/microsoft-ui-xaml/labels/good first issue)
- [help wanted](https://github.com/orgs/microsoft/projects/1868/views/12)

Another great way to help is by up-voting and commenting on feature proposals:
- [feature request](https://github.com/Microsoft/microsoft-ui-xaml/labels/feature request)

### [WIP] Code Contribution Process
We use and recommend the following workflow:

> 1. Create an issue for your work. 
>     - You can skip this step for trivial changes or if there is an existing issue for the bug/feature.
>     - If your change adds or changes public APIs or UI, first follow the [New Feature or API Process](docs/feature_proposal_process.md).
>     - Clearly state that you are going to take on implementing it, if that's the case. You can request that the issue be assigned to you. Note: The issue filer and the implementer don't have to be the same person.

Reviewer 2: I know this part is WIP, but I don't this guidance is up to date.
```suggestion
1. Have an issue tracking what you want to fix. 
    - If one doesn't already exist, open an issue. But before investing time on a contribution make sure the issue has been triaged and your fix has a chance of being merged.
    - If your change adds or changes public APIs or UI, first follow the [New Feature or API Process](docs/feature_proposal_process.md).
    - Comment on the issue to indicate your intent to work on it.
```

Reviewer 3: Yeah, there's a lot of old guidance scattered everywhere, so there's a few different steps in flight to try and get this up-to-date. Part of it too is whether we document how things work now, or more how we want things to work - and then move towards aligning to that as the OSS plan moves forward.

1. Create a personal fork of the repository on GitHub (if you don't already have one).
1. Create a branch off of main (git checkout -b mybranch). 
    - Name the branch so that it clearly communicates your intentions (i.e. /user/janedoe/fix-datepicker).
    - Branches are useful since they isolate your changes from incoming changes from upstream. They also enable you to create multiple PRs from the same fork.
1. Make and commit your changes. 
    - Please follow our [Commit Messages](#commit-messages) guidance.
1. Add new tests corresponding to your change, if applicable.
1. Build the repository with your changes. 
    - Make sure that the builds are clean.
    - Make sure that the tests are all passing, including your new tests.
1. Create a pull request (PR) against this repository's main branch. 
    - Push your changes to your fork on GitHub (if you haven't already).
    - Note: It is okay for your PR to include a large number of commits. Once your change is accepted, you will be asked to squash your commits into one or some appropriately small number of commits before your PR is merged.

>     - Note: It is okay to create your PR as "[WIP]" before the implementation is done. This can be useful if you'd like to start the feedback process while you're still working on the implementation. State that this is the case in the initial PR comment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Note: It is okay to create your PR as a draft PR before the implementation is done. This can be useful if you'd like to start the feedback process while you're still working on the implementation. When you're ready for deeper consideration, change the PR's state to ready to review (not draft).
```
